So.. simple next steps.  And a few comments.
1) Why is it called scoreExplosion?  What other score is there that's to come? 
--DONE
2) 1 point per ship?  Really?  Is that all I get? 😂.  Have you never PLAYED space invaders???
--DONE
3) Ooh, so this is more real coding.

You've made score a property of 'game' - but is the 'score' not a stat?  So where, perhaps, should it be stored?

It is obvious - and usual - that people do too much in their "base" object (game, in this case).  Sure the 'score' is a property of the game!  But so is everything!

Have a think about that.  Perhaps move it?  And on that, this one I've never covered.  But...

score is a property.  Some people insist on properties being private AND only modifiable by the class that the property exists in!  Here, that's a good idea.  So if score is in 'game' (as it is now, but see above), then only the GAME class should modify it directly.  Instead, maybe have a method called increaseScore on game which does just that!

There's a safety in this.  Currently, anything can do Game.scoreExplosion = 'fred'.  Which wouldn't fail!  But is clearly wrong.  Hence you make those properties 'private'!

Think about it this way.  You are Jenny.  So Jenny.name is "Jenny".  If anyone could just go around changing that, life would be a nightmare!!! 😂 



Rik's wise words: "First make it work, THEN make it right!"



rikki:croydon:  9:08 AM
Import is the opposite of explort.  Import GETS what export GIVES.  I think you get that, right?
Okay, look at line 50 of game.js.
What we are exporting is an INSTANCE of game.  As in, this IS a game.

Now look at line 6 of StatsBar
What we are exporting is the stats bar CLASS.  Not an instance of that class!
Different things, right?

jenny.n  9:10 AM
Because the instance is created in the file it's imported into.
It just needs to be able to 'see' the class, right?

rikki:croydon:  9:11 AM
Well, yeah - expect that's not what you're doing!  In explosion, you're treating the import like it is an INSTANCE of statsbar, not a class!
Now, JavaScript is annoying here, as it works.  Sort of.  And at some point, I'll tell you why.  But not right now.
So.... tell me this....
WHERE is the instance of StatsBar created?

jenny.n  9:12 AM
in game. I think (without looking)

rikki:croydon: 
And you already have 'game' in explosion! 
In explosion, Game is being exoported as Game.  So Game.stats.  Technically, that should be a lower case 'G' here really.
